add elisas' changes (#31)
aaronpeikert/repro-workshop: SIPS2023.md

<!--AP: Thats short. Make use of `wordcountaddin::text_stats_chr`.-->
<!--AP: Current wordcount is 144.-->

> Reproducibility represents a key challenge for making one owns work accessible and easily understandable for others—but achieving this goal is not easy.

Author: ```suggestion
Computational reproducibility represents a key challenge for making one's own work accessible and easily understandable for others—but achieving this goal is not easy.
```

> Often, researchers must invest considerable efforts finding out what the end goal of such a reproducible workflow can look like, and how they can acquire the skills to get there.

Author: ```suggestion
Often, researchers must invest considerable efforts to find out what the end goal of such a reproducible workflow can look like and how they can acquire the skills to get there.
```

This workshop gives an overview of how to create reproducible data analyses in R (and beyond).
Specifically, this workshop will showcase one way to automate the entire process from raw data to publishable manuscripts in a pre-set online environment.
This automation combines dynamic document generation (via R Markdown), version control (via Git), workflow orchestration (via Make) and software management (via Docker).
All these tools and, therefore, the entire automatic reproduction of results are available on any machine with Docker installed.

> The resulting workflow is, hence, highly transferable across machines and time.

Author: ```suggestion
The resulting workflow is hence ensured to reproduce over time, locally and in the cloud.
```

This workshop gives an overview of how to create reproducible data analyses in R (and beyond).
Specifically, this workshop will showcase one way to automate the entire process from raw data to publishable manuscripts in a pre-set online environment.
This automation combines dynamic document generation (via R Markdown), version control (via Git), workflow orchestration (via Make) and software management (via Docker).
All these tools and, therefore, the entire automatic reproduction of results are available on any machine with Docker installed.
The resulting workflow is, hence, highly transferable across machines and time.

> These core properties of reproducibility are demonstrated for any reader by automatically reproducing the manuscript online via GitHub Actions.

Author: Wordcount?

*How will the session leaders’ content foster diversity & inclusion (e.g., who will present, who will it serve) and how will that improve the science? Note that this response will be used in advertising your session.*

The workshops principle goal is to make research materials more widely available and reusable by others.
As such, the presented workflow can help to foster truly cumulative and collaborative science, by allowing researchers of different backgrounds to build up on each other’s work.
We therefore hope to promote the implementation of reproducible workflows also among researchers with limited expertise in the field, to advance transparent science.
We expect that this workshop will be particularly helpful for early career researchers who seek to establish sound routines for their scientific work.
However, more senior researchers that would like to expand their hands-on knowledge on how to implement such a workflow should profit likewise. 

> We ourselves commit to the [SIPS Code of Conduct](https://improvingpsych.org/sipsinaction/code/) and ask participants to do likewise.

Author: ```suggestion
We ourselves commit to the [SIPS Code of Conduct](https://improvingpsych.org/sipsinaction/code/) and ask the same of the participants.
```
